now when he had finished speaking to
now when he had finished speaking to soul the soul of Jonathan was knit to
soul the soul of Jonathan was knit to
soul the soul of Jonathan was knit to the soul of David and Jonathan loved him
the soul of David and Jonathan loved him
the soul of David and Jonathan loved him as his own soul Saul took him that day
as his own soul Saul took him that day
as his own soul Saul took him that day and would not let him go home to his
and would not let him go home to his
and would not let him go home to his father's house anymore then Jonathan and
father's house anymore then Jonathan and
father's house anymore then Jonathan and David made a covenant because he loved
David made a covenant because he loved
David made a covenant because he loved him as his own soul and Jonathan took
him as his own soul and Jonathan took
him as his own soul and Jonathan took off the robe that was on him and gave it
off the robe that was on him and gave it
off the robe that was on him and gave it to David with his Armour even to his
to David with his Armour even to his
to David with his Armour even to his sword and his bow and his belt so David
sword and his bow and his belt so David
sword and his bow and his belt so David went out wherever Saul sent him and
went out wherever Saul sent him and
went out wherever Saul sent him and behaved wisely and Saul set him over the
behaved wisely and Saul set him over the
behaved wisely and Saul set him over the man of war and he was accepted in the
man of war and he was accepted in the
man of war and he was accepted in the sight of all the people and also in the
sight of all the people and also in the
sight of all the people and also in the sight of Saul's servants now it had
sight of Saul's servants now it had
sight of Saul's servants now it had happened as they were coming home when
happened as they were coming home when
happened as they were coming home when David was returning from the slaughter
David was returning from the slaughter
David was returning from the slaughter of the Philistine that the women had
of the Philistine that the women had
of the Philistine that the women had come out of all the cities of Israel
come out of all the cities of Israel
come out of all the cities of Israel singing and dancing to meet King Saul
singing and dancing to meet King Saul
singing and dancing to meet King Saul the tambourines with joy and with
the tambourines with joy and with
the tambourines with joy and with musical instruments so the women sang as
musical instruments so the women sang as
musical instruments so the women sang as they danced and said David his ten
they danced and said David his ten
they danced and said David his ten thousands and Saul was very angry and
thousands and Saul was very angry and
thousands and Saul was very angry and the saying displeased him they have
the saying displeased him they have
the saying displeased him they have ascribed to David ten thousands and to
ascribed to David ten thousands and to
ascribed to David ten thousands and to me they have ascribed only thousands now
me they have ascribed only thousands now
me they have ascribed only thousands now what more can he have but the kingdom so
what more can he have but the kingdom so
what more can he have but the kingdom so Saul I David from that day forward and
Saul I David from that day forward and
Saul I David from that day forward and it happened on the next day that the
it happened on the next day that the
it happened on the next day that the distressing spirit from God came upon
distressing spirit from God came upon
distressing spirit from God came upon soul and he prophesied inside the house
soul and he prophesied inside the house
soul and he prophesied inside the house so David played music with his hand as
so David played music with his hand as
so David played music with his hand as at other times but there was a spear in
at other times but there was a spear in
at other times but there was a spear in Saul's hand and said I'll cast the spear
Saul's hand and said I'll cast the spear
Saul's hand and said I'll cast the spear for he said I will pin David to the wall
for he said I will pin David to the wall
for he said I will pin David to the wall but David escaped his presence twice now
but David escaped his presence twice now
but David escaped his presence twice now Saul was afraid of David because the
Saul was afraid of David because the
Saul was afraid of David because the Lord was with him but had departed from
Lord was with him but had departed from
Lord was with him but had departed from Saul
Saul
Saul therefore salt removed him from his
therefore salt removed him from his
therefore salt removed him from his presence and made him his captain over a
presence and made him his captain over a
presence and made him his captain over a thousand and he went out and came in
thousand and he went out and came in
thousand and he went out and came in before the people and David behaved
before the people and David behaved
before the people and David behaved wisely in all his ways and the Lord was
wisely in all his ways and the Lord was
wisely in all his ways and the Lord was with him therefore when Saul saw that he
with him therefore when Saul saw that he
with him therefore when Saul saw that he behaved very wisely he was afraid of him
behaved very wisely he was afraid of him
behaved very wisely he was afraid of him but all Israel and Judah loved David
but all Israel and Judah loved David
but all Israel and Judah loved David because he went out and came in before
because he went out and came in before
because he went out and came in before them then Saul said to David here is my
them then Saul said to David here is my
them then Saul said to David here is my older daughter mihrab I will give it to
older daughter mihrab I will give it to
older daughter mihrab I will give it to you as a wife only be valiant for me and
you as a wife only be valiant for me and
you as a wife only be valiant for me and fight the Lord's battles for Saul
fight the Lord's battles for Saul
fight the Lord's battles for Saul thought let my hand not be against him
thought let my hand not be against him
thought let my hand not be against him but at the end of the Philistines be
but at the end of the Philistines be
but at the end of the Philistines be against him
so David said to Saul Who am I and what
so David said to Saul Who am I and what is my life or my father's family in
is my life or my father's family in
is my life or my father's family in Israel that I should be son-in-law to
Israel that I should be son-in-law to
Israel that I should be son-in-law to the king but it happened at the time
the king but it happened at the time
the king but it happened at the time when me Repsol's daughter should have
when me Repsol's daughter should have
when me Repsol's daughter should have been given to David that she was given
been given to David that she was given
been given to David that she was given to Adriel the mahalo fight as a wife now
to Adriel the mahalo fight as a wife now
to Adriel the mahalo fight as a wife now Michal Saul's daughter loved David and
Michal Saul's daughter loved David and
Michal Saul's daughter loved David and they told Saul and the thing pleased him
they told Saul and the thing pleased him
they told Saul and the thing pleased him so Saul said and I will give it to him
so Saul said and I will give it to him
so Saul said and I will give it to him that she may be a snare to him the hand
that she may be a snare to him the hand
that she may be a snare to him the hand of the Philistines may be against him
of the Philistines may be against him
of the Philistines may be against him therefore Saul said to David a second
therefore Saul said to David a second
therefore Saul said to David a second time
time
time you shall be my son-in-law today and saw
you shall be my son-in-law today and saw
you shall be my son-in-law today and saw commanded his servants communicate with
commanded his servants communicate with
commanded his servants communicate with David secretly and say look a king has
David secretly and say look a king has
David secretly and say look a king has delight in you and all his servants love
delight in you and all his servants love
delight in you and all his servants love you now therefore become the King's
you now therefore become the King's
you now therefore become the King's son-in-law
son-in-law
son-in-law so Saul's servants spoke those words in
so Saul's servants spoke those words in
so Saul's servants spoke those words in the hearing of David and David said does
the hearing of David and David said does
the hearing of David and David said does it seem to you a light thing to be a
it seem to you a light thing to be a
it seem to you a light thing to be a king's son-in-law seeing I am a poor and
king's son-in-law seeing I am a poor and
king's son-in-law seeing I am a poor and lightly esteemed man and the servants of
lightly esteemed man and the servants of
lightly esteemed man and the servants of Saul told him in this manner David spoke
Saul told him in this manner David spoke
Saul told him in this manner David spoke thus you shall say to David the King
thus you shall say to David the King
thus you shall say to David the King does not desire any dowry but 100
does not desire any dowry but 100
does not desire any dowry but 100 foreskins of the Philistines to take
foreskins of the Philistines to take
foreskins of the Philistines to take vengeance on the king's enemies but saul
vengeance on the king's enemies but saul
vengeance on the king's enemies but saul thought to make david fall by the hand
thought to make david fall by the hand
thought to make david fall by the hand of the Philistines so when his servants
of the Philistines so when his servants
of the Philistines so when his servants told David these words it please David
told David these words it please David
told David these words it please David well to become the King's son-in-law now
well to become the King's son-in-law now
well to become the King's son-in-law now the days had not expired
the days had not expired
the days had not expired therefore David arose and went he and
therefore David arose and went he and
therefore David arose and went he and his men and killed two hundred men
his men and killed two hundred men
his men and killed two hundred men the Philistines and David brought their
the Philistines and David brought their
the Philistines and David brought their foreskins and they gave them in full
foreskins and they gave them in full
foreskins and they gave them in full camp to the king that he might become
camp to the king that he might become
camp to the king that he might become the King's son-in-law
the King's son-in-law
the King's son-in-law and Saul gave him Michael his daughter
and Saul gave him Michael his daughter
and Saul gave him Michael his daughter as a wife
as a wife
as a wife the Saul's saw and knew that the Lord
the Saul's saw and knew that the Lord
the Saul's saw and knew that the Lord was with David and that Michael Saul's
was with David and that Michael Saul's
was with David and that Michael Saul's daughter loved him and Saul was still
daughter loved him and Saul was still
daughter loved him and Saul was still more afraid of David so Saul became
more afraid of David so Saul became
more afraid of David so Saul became David's enemy continually then the
David's enemy continually then the
David's enemy continually then the princes of the Philistines went out to
princes of the Philistines went out to
princes of the Philistines went out to war and so it was whenever they went out
war and so it was whenever they went out
war and so it was whenever they went out that David behaved more wisely than all
that David behaved more wisely than all
that David behaved more wisely than all the servants of Saul so that his name
the servants of Saul so that his name
the servants of Saul so that his name became highly esteemed
became highly esteemed
became highly esteemed you